---
title: "First Stages of Web Development"
categories: sample

---


<p> Learning Html and Css was very fun, being able to understand and create a website is magic to me. I'm eager to keep learning more about Web Development. While I was learning html, I felt kind of worried that I needed to remember everything such as the syntax like paragraph header links and images and classes. As I was progressing I realized that I can just continue to look up what I needed for the particular situations. The places that helped me learn more about HTML and CSS were youtube, code academy, freeecodecamp, books and many more. I enjoy looking at different people perspective on how to program. It expands my mind and gives me great insight and ideals on how to become a better programmer. As I was learning there were days that it sucked up all my energy away. Even when that occured I could not stop, but I would just take breaks and try to relax my mind. Exercise go to the gym and clear my mind. To me programming is not something you do and just pick it up whenever you like. For me it is a way of life every day, because its always fresh new technology new ways on completing different tasks. I hope to find more and more people to collaborate with and talk about coding. I went to a meet up few months ago and it was a great experience people were more experienced than I was. Which driven me to, strive harder to increase my knowledge. This is my second blog post. I’m very new to blogging . I would like to say I'm enjoying the ride so far.</p>
